How can we output an array of data as J as X elements.
Well actually it's relatively trivial.
We will map this array of JavaScript objects to an array of J.S. X elements because react is capable
of outputting an array of JavaScript elements for that.
Let me show you how this works.
Let's use these single curly braces because I want to add a javascript expression here in my expression.
Here is a simple array but an array of list items.
Hi and that then another one.
This works.
I output this in my JSA X code with the single curly braces.
Because this year of course is not J is X it's an array but it's an array full of J is X and if I saved
is it outputs hi and this works we get an error or a warning which you can ignore for now but this works
in general now since this works with hard coded data we can also output our array of goals so we can
output props goals here.
But the problem is that props goals is in the end an array of JavaScript objects not an array of J ASICs
code.
So we try to output this year it will fail.
It tells you that objects are not valid as react child whereas we are children.
So in the end we can't output plain vanilla javascript objects in J is x.
Instead we need to map every object into a J as X equivalent so into a renderer able element.
So here we want to map every object into a list item in the end.
So on props goals which is an array we can call the map method.
That's a default vanilla javascript method that exists on any array.
The map method takes a function.
Here I'll pass an arrow function which is executed on every element of the array you call map on and
then this function here will return transform the wording of that element in the original array and
overall map will then return a new array full of these transformed data pieces so dysfunctional therefore
receive the existing element here.
So every goal in our golden array and then returns a new element.
So in this new Array returned by map I want to have a bunch of J as X elements.
So here it will just return a list item which is J is X of course and in that list item I want to output
my gold text.
Now goal here is that JavaScript object we have in your original array because this function runs on
every element in the original array and gives you the object in the original rate or the data piece
in the original array as an argument.
So goal here is that object which looks like this year so I'm only interested in the text here.
And again we can output the text by outputting a javascript expression here.
Hence we need to curly braces in our J as X code here and we have Gold Dot text here my expression is
that I access the text property on the Gold object.
So now what happens here is I map my array of plain JavaScript objects to an array of J JS X elements
and such an array of J.S. X elements is renderer able as you learned.
Now if I saved us you see this out what's my core skills again.
Now we also get a warning regarding a unique key that is related to how react re renders the Dom and
that it wants to do this efficiently.
You learn more about that in my react the complete guide course and therefore when ever you output lists
of data with this technique you have to add a special prop to every item you are rendering in that list
in this case to every list item.
And that's the key prop that is a proper react itself understands.
And here I want to output goal I.D. again.
Wrapped in curly braces because this is a regular javascript expression.
So now with Dad we don't get the warning and we get our course goals.
So this is how we output a list of data with that.
This is looking pretty good.
We're out putting our list of data.
Why don't we now work on adding some functionality that allows us to add our own goals.
That would be a nice next step.